I'm sorry about something that's very
much post-post irony
but he would understand that he's a
typical Lu Santos Ltd Kelderman
I told them I'd make a movie about his
ass and call it constant America but
there will be the post-ironic use of the
word cunt both offensive and at the same
time curiously anodyne hey what the fuck
I find your t-shirt more than a little
offensive there's one thing I cannot
stand its post-ironic hipsters if you
don't like it you can go back to Canada
dude come on you want a piece of me huh
fuck
counterculture online now our gap
oh you think yourself superior
you have everyone don't
I thought you didn't like labels
I don't teach you something or other